[Cluster-launcher doc] revamp the vm part (#27431)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/cluster_under_construction/ray-clusters-on-vms/user-guides/launching-clusters/azure.md

# Launching Ray Clusters on Azure 

This guide details the steps needed to start a Ray cluster on Azure.

There are two ways to start an Azure Ray cluster.
- Launch through Ray Cluster Launcher.

> - Deploy a cluster using Azure portal .

Reviewer: Do we officially recommend this approach? I read this subsection and did not really understand it.

Author: Yeah I'm mostly copy over the content over. cc @DmitriGekhtman do you know if this really used?

Reviewer 2: The azure thing is fully community maintained. I've added a note at top

## Using Ray Cluster Launcher 
### Install Ray Cluster Launcher
The Ray Cluster Launcher is part of the `ray` command line tool. It allows you to start, stop and attach to a running ray cluster using commands such as  `ray up`, `ray down` and `ray attach`. You can use pip to install the ray command line tool with cluster launcher support. Follow [install ray](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/installation.html) for more detailed instructions.

```
# install ray
pip install -U ray[default]
```

### Install and Configure Azure CLI

> Next, install the Azure CLI (`pip install -U azure-cli azure-identity`) then login using (`az login`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, install the Azure CLI (`pip install -U azure-cli azure-identity`) and login using `az login`.
```

```
# install azure cli.
pip install azure-cli azure-identity

# login into azure, this will redirect you 
# to your web browser.
az login
```

### Start Ray with the Ray Cluster Launcher

> The provided [example-full.yaml](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/tree/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml) cluster config file will create a small cluster with a Standard DS2v3 node (on-demand) configured to autoscale up to two Standard DS2v3 worker nodes ([spot-instances](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/spot-vms)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided [cluster config file](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/tree/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml) will create a small cluster with a Standard DS2v3 on-demand head node that is configured to autoscale to up to two Standard DS2v3 [spot-instance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/spot-vms) worker nodes.
```

> Note that you'll need to fill in your [resource group](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L42) and [location](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L41) in those templates. You also need set subscription to use from the command line `az account set -s <subscription_id>` or by filling the [subscription_id](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L44) in the cluster config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you'll need to fill in your Azure [resource_group](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L42) and [location](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L41) in those templates. You also need set the subscription to use. You can do this from the command line with `az account set -s <subscription_id>` or by filling in the [subscription_id](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L44) in the cluster config file.
```

Test that it works by running the following commands from your local machine:

```
# Download the example-full.yaml
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/ray/master/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml

> # Update the example-full.yaml to update resource group, location, and subscription_id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Update the example-full.yaml to update resource_group, location, and subscription_id.
```

Assuming this is the actual variable name to edit.

# vi example-full.yaml

# Create or update the cluster. When the command finishes, it will print
# out the command that can be used to SSH into the cluster head node.
ray up example-full.yaml

# Get a remote screen on the head node.
ray attach example-full.yaml
# Try running a Ray program.

# Tear down the cluster.
ray down example-full.yaml
```

> Congrats, you have started a Ray cluster on Azure!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, you have started a Ray cluster on Azure!
```

and elsewhere

# Launching Ray Clusters on Azure

This guide details the steps needed to start a Ray cluster on Azure.

There are two ways to start an Azure Ray cluster.
- Launch through Ray cluster launcher.

> - Deploy a cluster using Azure portal .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy a cluster using Azure portal.
```

```{note}

> Azure cluster configurations are community-maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure cluster configurations are community-maintained and are subject to change.
```

Personally, I don't really know what the implications of "community-maintained" are.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Azure integration is community-maintained. Please reach out to the integration maintainers on Github if
you run into any problems: gramhagen, eisber, ijrsvt.
```
